how's it going everyone Maryland here
and last time I just got done defeating
the first of the Elite Four well you can
actually take them on in any order but I
defeated rasma over here the dragon-type
elite for remember so now I'm going to
check out this room here and see who I'm
going to be fighting the ironworks
Chamber so I would take a guess this is
the steel type gym leader or not gym
leader Elite Four member that they're
talking about so fire type attacks
fighting ground you know those are all
effective against it but other than that
it has a lot of resistances so you got
to be careful let's take a look and see
what waits ahead the ironworks chain
cool whoa
alrighty then oh my goodness he's
wearing armor that's amazing
well met young Challenger verily I am
the elite force famed blade of hardened
steel will Wickstrom with my magnificent
pokemon at my side I will reveal the
scope of trainer achievement let us both
give our word that our contest shall be
fair and honorable ready I'm God
oh man elite for Wickstrom whoa so he
leads of the klefki interesting um so
not exactly the best choice of the lead
Pokemon on my part because this thing is
steel fairy if I do recall correctly so
poison jab won't do anything against it
because it's steel type and then
everything else is going to be somewhat
resisted so fire type tacks are your
best bet against this thing I don't know
if it has levitate or not but regardless
I don't really have anything for it who
actually why am i sitting out sylveon I
know sylveon has um hidden power fire
right now so I'm gonna try go for that
dazzling gleam see that might have heard
that is a very type attack and it hits
pretty hard I think it's a tea power
alright could he use my fire type in
power here spikes oh that's mean
all right pretty nice there sylveon oh
no I fell for the torment
well at least I can still use it this
turn
okay let's see what else you have huh
scissor are whoo um that's a tough one
it is very weak to fire so I'm going to
go ahead and stay in here hopefully
torment doesn't mess me
yeah I can't use it due to torment but
you know what that's fine I'm gonna go
ahead and let's try to just bite it I
guess maybe make it flinch or something
hopefully doesn't hit too hard with his
iron head oh my goodness good job
toughing it out that's due to the
pokémon-amie thing but II this is kind
of scary I'll pull it punch oh wow
Pokemon to me again for the wing great
job there sylveon
alright greninja wants to learn water
shuriken again that's interesting
because I don't know you already learned
it no it's fine
darn it no stop
all right keep old moves and then yeah
there we go
all right proba pass huh so this is a
rock steel type and it has fired call
correctly a lot of special defense
I think greninja should do pretty well
here because remember steel does not
resist either electric or water for that
matter it doesn't really resist ghosts
or dark anymore so let's go ahead and
hit it with who actually power a punch
of me good what am I talking about
yeah fighting type attacks are nice
against it um well it's okay I'm gonna
go for surf anyways I think it'll do a
little bit more Oh discharged oh that's
not cool
you
all right full restorer
to be expected there
Oh close all right I'm gonna go for
power a punch now yep
all right let's just see how much power
punch does and comparison serve here
might do more for all I know but yeah I
had a feeling I wouldn't do as much it's
fine though
now it'll do plenty
yeah so fighting-type pokémon are
definitely the way to go against that
prova pass there and lastly an agus
slash whoa that is the final evolution
of Hoenn edge and this is steel
ghost-type well that means it's no
longer no longer resistant to dark so I
guess I'll send out pangoro here try to
crunch that thing it's not weak to
fighting though
all right let's give it a good old
crunch Kings Sheol huh all right
protected itself and whoa wow that's so
interesting
so King shield is apparently like
protect except if I hit it it sharply
lowers my attack Wow that's so good
alright well managed to take that thing
out glorious to trust that you share
with your honorable Pokemon surpasses
even mine well that's great what now
what sweet glory is pain and joy now
rock my mighty heart my will which even
Shakespeare's trembles it so fun a
battle is this I am undone good sir you
are indeed are equal and worthy to enter
this lofty Hall so you have struck down
two of the elite for the road is still
long do not waver now yep that's that
okay so we've defeated Elite Four
Wickstrom nice and that means we're
halfway there and we're getting closer
to fight in the champion anyway we're
going to take on the next member of the
Elite Four in the next episode of
maryland's poke game on exit venture see
you next time swords